DAY 27
PROBLEM 1
Passes for Fair
There is a fair going on in Chefland. Chef wants to visit the fair along with his N friends. Chef manages to collect K passes for the fair. Will Chef be able to enter the fair with all his N friends?

A person can enter the fair using one pass, and each pass can be used by only one person.

Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases.
Each test case consists of a single line containing two space-separated integers N,K.
Output Format
For each test case, print on a new line YES if Chef will be able to enter the fair with all his N friends and NO otherwise.

You may print each character of the string in either uppercase or lowercase (for example, the strings yEs, yes, Yes, and YES will all be treated as identical).
SOLUTION
T=int(input())
for _ in range(T):
    N,K=map(int,input().split())
    if(N+1<(K)):
        print("YES")
    else:
        print("NO")
PROBLEM 2
Mutated Minions
Gru has not been in the limelight for a long time and is, therefore, planning something particularly nefarious. Frustrated by his minions' incapability which has kept him away from the limelight, he has built a transmogrifier — a machine which mutates minions.
Each minion has an intrinsic characteristic value (similar to our DNA), which is an integer. The transmogrifier adds an integer K to each of the minions' characteristic value.
Gru knows that if the new characteristic value of a minion is divisible by 7, then it will have Wolverine-like mutations.

Given the initial characteristic integers of N minions, all of which are then transmogrified, find out how many of them become Wolverine-like.

Input Format
The first line contains one integer, T, which is the number of test cases.
Each test case contains of 2 lines of input.

The first line contains two integers N and K, as described in the statement
The next line contains N integers, which denote the initial characteristic values for the minions
Output Format
For each testcase, output one integer in a new line, which is the number of Wolverine-like minions after the transmogrification.
SOLUTION
T=int(input())
for _ in range(T):
    
    N,K=map(int,input().split())
    values=list(map(int,input().split()))
    count=0;
    for val in values:
        if((val+K)%7==0):
            count+=1;
    print(count)
            
