DAY 17 
PROBLEM 1
Parliament
An important resolution is being discussed in the Parliament of Chefland. There are N members present in the Parliament out of which X members voted in favour of the resolution and the remaining voted against it.

According to the constitution of Chefland, a resolution is passed if and only if half or more than half the members present in the Parliament vote in favour of the resolution.

Determine if the resolution is passed or not.

Input Format
The first line contains a single integer T — the number of test cases. Then the test cases follow.
The first and only line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and X — the total number of members present in the Parliament and the number of members who voted in favour of the resolution.
Output Format
For each test case, output YES if the resolution is passed. Otherwise, output NO.

You may print each character of YES and NO in uppercase or lowercase (for example, yes, yEs and Yes will be considered identical).

SOLUTION
T=int(input())
for _ in range(T):
    N,X=map(int,input().split())
    if(N/2<=X ):
        print('YES')
    else:
        print('NO')
PROBLEM 2
Single-use Attack
Chef is playing a video game, and is now fighting the final boss.

The boss has H health points. Each attack of Chef reduces the health of the boss by X.
Chef also has a special attack that can be used at most once, and will decrease the health of the boss by Y.

Chef wins when the health of the boss is ≤0.
What is the minimum number of attacks needed by Chef to win?

Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases.
The first and only line of each test case will contain three space-separated integers H,X,Y — the parameters described in the statement.
Output Format
For each test case, output on a new line the minimum number of attacks needed by Chef to win.

SOLUTION
T=int(input())
for _ in range(T):
    H,X,Y=map(int,input().split())
    attack=0
    H=H-Y
    attack+=1
    while(H>0):
        H=H-X
        attack+=1
    print(attack)
