DAY 13:
PROBLEM 13:
Parliament
An important resolution is being discussed in the Parliament of Chefland. There are N members present in the Parliament out of which X members voted in favour of the resolution and the remaining voted against it.

According to the constitution of Chefland, a resolution is passed if and only if half or more than half the members present in the Parliament vote in favour of the resolution.

Determine if the resolution is passed or not.

Input Format
The first line contains a single integer T — the number of test cases. Then the test cases follow.
The first and only line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and X — the total number of members present in the Parliament and the number of members who voted in favour of the resolution.
Output Format
For each test case, output YES if the resolution is passed. Otherwise, output NO.

You may print each character of YES and NO in uppercase or lowercase (for example, yes, yEs and Yes will be considered identical).

CODE:
T=int(input())
for _ in range(T):
    N,X=map(int,input().split())
    if(N/2<=X ):
        print('YES')
    else:
        print('NO')
SAMPLE INPUT:
4
12 6
9 4
9 5
12 0
SAMPLE OUTPUT:
YES
NO
YES
NO
PROBLEM 2:
Chef Fantasy 11
All of Chef's friends are playing fantasy cricket based upon the ODI World Cup, and Chef would like to join them.

For a certain cricket match, Chef has decided upon his team of 11 players. However, he hasn't yet decided who should be the captain and who should be the vice-captain.

He's narrowed his decision down to N players out of the 11, from which he'll choose one to be the captain and one to be the vice captain.
How many different choices does he have?

Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases.
The first and the only line of each testcase contains a single integer N, the number of players Chef is considering.
Output Format
For each test case, output on a new line the number of possible choices of captain and vice-captain

CODE:
import math
T=int(input())
for _ in range(T):
    N=int(input())
    print(N*(N-1))
SAMPLE INPUT:
2
2
3
SAMPLE OUTPUT:
2
6
        
